It's all ruined.
Oh no, and we only just bought it too.
We can try fixing it, but that'll make it look ugly.
Let's throw it away. Then we can go and get you a new one.
I want a kitty cat this time!
Of course, dear.
I'll be right back.
Move it right there!
Now turn around! Only authorized personnel are allowed back here!
You're the Trash Raider, aren't you?
Don't you know holding onto garbage like that threatens to show the Arklene beautiful city?
Hands up where I can see them!
Get it off of me!
Come back here!
In here! Open fire!
He's fast!
Stop him!
I saw him go down here! And what it takes, he is not getting away!
I'm going to get you!
What a bunch of shitheads.
Yeah, I'm the threat.
Assholes.
Oh, did you hear?
There was another trash raid last night.
Can you believe it?
No. What kind of a sicko would run around stealing someone's garbage?
I bet it was one of those people.
See what I mean?
Filthy. All tribesfolk are like that.
Why can't they just stick to their side of the wall?
So close, they'll trust in either of you or I...
How about it?
Like us two and now she's the only one we see.
Yeah?
Looks like the whole city's yakkin' about it.
Greg? Trash raider again?
Gotta be him, right? Kid needs to learn his place.
At least we can see who's to blame when the apostles retaliate.
Really?
Rudo? Did you go dumpster diving again?
Chiwa?
Don't Chiwa me. The city folk get super upset about their trash.
There's no telling what they'd do if they ever caught you.
Science, it's just garbage. Why steal it?
I mean, I don't know. Those rich jerks are always tossing out stuff.
But it's all still good, and I guess I feel sorry for it.
And how else am I going to afford to stay alive?
You really love trash, don't you, Rudo?
No, I wasn't saying that.
Aw, man! That is nasty!
What, did you wake up in a pile of dead cats or something?
Hey, Chiwa, what's up?
Keep moving.
Hey, aren't you worried about catching the stank from him?
What?
Come on, just look at those nasty, busted gloves he never takes off.
Bet they'll give you a flesh-eating rash if you touch them.
Ha ha!
No one's going to buy this fixed-up crap.
Not after you've touched it.
You've seen him with these gloves off?
It's creepy as hell. He's got like, a disease or something.
Yeah? And so what? That doesn't mean he's any different than us.
Ah, it's still a really bad idea to hang out with him.
Right? His dad's an actual homicidal maniac.
It's so messed up. They built these slums so there'd be somewhere to put criminals, right?
And we're like, all their descendants or whatever.
So now we gotta work our butts off and keep our noses clean.
Just so people might see us as something other than us.
Other than a bunch of thugs.
But this guy's dad went and screwed it up for all of us!
Dude crashed down and went on a murder spree.
So no, he's not like us.
And if you keep hanging out with him...
See? Look at him.
He's got those freaking murder eyes.
And they always say, like, father like son.
It's only a matter of time before you kill someone, psycho!
Not a psycho.
Those guys were being massive jerks, weren't they?
Don't listen to them, okay?
You're nothing like your dad.
And a good person like you would never kill anybody.
Yeah, you think?
Thanks. And you're...
Look at that puppy! It's so adorable!
It looks practically brand new!
You really are skilled at fixing stuff.
Yeah, that guy's... you know...
Huh?
I mean... he's not for sale or anything.
He's special.
And I thought you...
Chihua!
Mom!
I looked everywhere for you.
Come on, we're heading home.
I'll see you later, Ruto.
I thought I told you to stay away from that boy.
But Mom...
I'm back. You home?
Oh, that guy's not for sale.
He's special!
Real slick, kid.
Recto! Spying is a tool!
You know what is cool? Being clear about your feelings.
You'll learn though, kid.
But first, you and I are gonna talk...
about your little trash raid.
About your little trash raid.
Now listen.
We're not rich, but we're not so poor
that you've gotta put yourself at risk, okay?
I'm in charge until you're grown, so chill out.
They only found me this one time.
It's really not that big of a deal, okay?
Getting found at all is a big deal.
Look, I know what you're thinking, alright?
We don't share blood, so we're not family.
Well, you're wrong.
So stop acting like you owe me for caring about you.
It's not that.
You found me abandoned as a baby,
and raised me like I was yours.
I've always known we were a family.
I was just trying to show it.
Oh, man.
If only you could be even a tenth as honest as that with Chiwa.
We weren't talking about Chiwa, jerkwad!
What's going on with your arm?
Did you get shot?
It's just a scratch!
It's not a big deal!
Check it out.
I'll change the bandages on your hands while I'm at it.
Gloves off.
Stop rating the dumb sights, okay?
You might not get so lucky next time.
Look, I'm fine.
It's really not that bad.
It doesn't come close to the hurt my dad left me.
Hmm.
You screw up badly enough,
you get dropped into the pit,
which is a death sentence.
That's been the law in this city since ancient times.
Your father screwed up badly enough back in the day.
You gotta be better.
That means taking care of you and what you care about.
Even in this shit heap of world.
My hands have been pitch black for as long as I can remember.
And sometimes they give me this brain melting pain.
Whenever people see them,
they just stare like my hands are wrong somehow.
Or I am.
And that really messed me up as a kid.
Regto saw it.
And that's when he gave me my gloves.
They were beaten to all hell even then.
But they helped with the pain my hands gave me.
And for that,
I owe Regto everything.
Back to the present.
You gotta quit pussyfooting around with Chihua.
That one's a real catch, you know.
Some guy'll snatch her up.
Maybe give her this little guy and a big old smooch.
I'm not a creep!
Why's it gotta be like that?
Do it or I'm not beating you.
I'm not perving on anyone who's fat.
Well, if you gotta do something,
then you're gonna regret it.
And let's fix that resting piss face of yours.
Come on, give us a smile.
Stop!
If you can't smile right,
just act like you can.
Pretend like you're someone who does it perfectly.
Keep at it and it might just stick.
Always talking like he knows stuff.
There's no fixing a messed up face like mine.
Stupid windbag.
It's still kinda early.
She's probably home right now.
Don't touch the trash, or we'll all go away.
We'll stop when she comes back.
What?!
uman brains lose focus.
No!
She just totally lost her will to understand stress.
This has nothing to do with anything.
Now, listen up, biomédowne.
Far from being afraid to be alone.
I'm not afraid.
I'mai alwaysishop's inspired.
I love it.
And how do we do mem finally sticky?
I'm not saying that fortune maids don't constantly goầu
to get into what rメs wе căshindenFE
and found no scent.
My dad got swallowed up by that blackness, along with the other trash.
I wonder what happens after you get dropped in there.
Looks like they're sending down another criminal.
Yeah.
Morning!
Chiwa! Hey!
What's going on? I hardly ever see you around here.
Yeah, well, you see...
It's a cruddy view, huh? It's gotta be the worst spot, in a lot of ways.
Well, it can't be that much different from anywhere else in the slums, right?
You know why they built the slums on the edge of the city?
Apparently it's because they wanted us tribesfolk to never forget.
Do anything bad and you'll get tossed into the pit.
Isn't that just awful?
And even if we don't want to, we all gotta stand by and watch when it happens, just because we live here.
Hey, Ruto.
Huh?
I don't want that to happen to you, so stay out of trouble for me.
I know there's a lot of trash that doesn't deserve to be thrown out and abandoned,
but that doesn't mean you need to go and risk your life for it.
And if you get caught, you'll end up getting thrown down into the pit, too.
Recto said this is...
Of course he did.
We just want to look out for you because we love you so much.
That old softy.
Wait, did you say we?
Like...
Huh?
We?
No, not we-we.
I meant like, um...
Well, just...
You know.
Are you okay?
Hey?
Is that...
The puppy you fixed?
Well, he was just there!
And I was like, oh, Chihua might really like you!
But then...
You might not since I got him from the dump.
Still, even if you didn't like him,
I figured he'd be happier with you than rotting away in a dark hole.
So, yeah.
Huh?
that you don't feel the same way you did just now.
It's always you, Chihua?
In my dreams.
I'll always love him.
I know that's why I love you, Chihua.
Trust me.
That's my story.
My story-
I'll let that Kaito do that for you.
Do you know what?
I'm crazy because of you.
But you're drunk and my bottom breaks.
Everybody else is.
But they're so mad and I'm-
Wait!
Hey!
Chihua!
Yeah?
face is gonna be priceless!
What are apostles doing in the slums?
Is someone in trouble?
Maybe.
I've gotta get home, so I can rub this in the old dirtbag's face!
Wait, no. I know what he's gonna say.
It doesn't count unless you get your butt back there and tell her how you feel.
Hey, Recto! You won't believe it! I ran into Chiwo-
Oh! You finally tell her?
Hey, you get away from him, you son of a-
You bastard!
We're not finished!
Ru- no...
Ruto!
Run...
Recto!
Get out of here!
Go!
Why? Who was that?
I'll go get some help! You're gonna be fine!
Ruto!
Run, dammit!
Get out!
Change this shen-eba world!
Make it... something worth... living in!
Wait, what?
All clear.
Stop resisting! We caught your red-handed, you filthy murderer!
What? No! Stop!
What are you doing? He needs help!
Listen! It wasn't me!
I'd never hurt anyone!
And he's not dead! He needs a doctor!
Don't give us that! Look at him!
You can't talk your way out of this... murderer!
You even got his blood all over you, see?
So what? I didn't do it!
The real killer ran when I got here!
You're letting him get away!
Shut your mouth! That's enough!
Please! You've gotta listen to me!
Why should we believe you?
You're just tribesfolk filth!
Enough of this bullshit already!
Hey! I did it!
Hey, did you hear?
Ruto finally went crazy and killed someone.
Yeah, I heard it was the guy who raised him, too.
That's not true.
I told you there was something wrong with him.
It can't be.
You have tarnished the sanctity of our beautiful land with your heinous acts of violence!
Unsatisfied with hoarding refuse and besmirching our city's honor,
your soul hungered for a filthy murder!
You have tarnished the sanctity of our beautiful land with your heinous acts of violence!
Unsatisfied with hoarding refuse and besmirching our city's honor,
your soul hungered for a filthy murder!
You have tarnished the sanctity of our beautiful land with your heinous acts of violence!
And you are the one who, as I once said,
now abandons the sacred land.
Only as the day-dreamer did doth,
do I give you the breath or the breath of the young.
Even if your victim was a lowly tribesfolk,
even if your victim was a lowly tribesfolk,
we cannot abide murder!
Therefore, it is right that we expel you from these lands,
as with all putrescents.
I sentence you to death by pit!
This is insane.
I didn't do anything.
So why?
Why is this happening?
Please.
Someone.
Anyone, just listen to me.
Shewa!
They think I murdered Retro!
Please help me!
The real killer is still out there!
I thought you were good.
But you aren't.
You're just the son of a killer.
Send the filth to the pit!
What the hell do you get off calling me filth?
You're spineless piles of shit who can't even piss without permission.
You've all got eyes and ears, but you never use them to see or listen to anything.
You're just worthless bags of flesh.
You're all better off dead.
It's you.
Why claim fire?
Don't you dare think you're rid of me.
I'm coming back.
And I'll kill you all.
Do you hear me?
You're all dead!
Oh, damn.
I'm alive.
It stinks!
The hell?
Where am I?
They dropped me.
I remember falling and then...
People always said that the pit was like a giant's grave.
But it's not.
It's a dump.
It's where all the trash ends up.
Be it things or people.
But that wasn't even remotely close to the truth.
The pit's not a landfill.
It's hell.
The earth isn't a library.
The food's just overan eastern a shouting tree.
Take a look at other animals.
Not animals.
A carnivore...
from the Middle East
India
Thank you.